**Context**:
This page is intended to explain the current state of the website and what the "account reclaim" process means.
It will be linked in the header of the new website, and will be accessible to any user that is not already logged in.

---

The Paratext Support Forum was a closed forum that required account approval before you could view and contribute. SITE_NAME is publicly viewable to anyone. In transitioning from the previous website to SITE_NAME, we have anonymized all posts, comments, and details and archived all user accounts to honor confidentiality. We are providing users the ability to migrate their Paratext Supporter accounts and reclaim their archived SITE_NAME accounts. This means that you will retain access to your posts, comments, badges, etc. In order to do so, you will need to enter the email address associated with your original Paratext Support account in the box below and follow the steps. You will be given the option to change your username and any other account information.

If you wish to leave your account archived and create a new account instead, you may do so by [registering an account](https://supportsitetest.tk/register). If you register with the same email address associated with your archived account, that account will remain archived and your new account will share no relation to it.

**Please note** that the decision to reclaim your existing account or register a new account is **final** and cannot be reversed. That is, if you choose to create a new account with your existing email address, you will not be able to reclaim your previous account.

The Paratext Support Forum (support.paratext.org) was a secure forum. However, anyone can view all posts on SITE_NAME without a login. All posts and comments from the Paratext Support Forum have been moved to SITE_NAME. To protect your security, we have removed names from all posts and comments. On SITE_NAME, it is possible to reclaim your support.paratext.org account and retain access to your posts, comments, and badges—or to start afresh with a new account.<br><br><b>To reclaim your history of posts, comments and badges from support.paratext.org</b>, you will need to enter the email address that you used with your support.paratext.org account in the box below. We will send you a confirmation email describing the next steps. You will have the option to either remain anonymous or to specify an identifiable user name according to your security needs.<br><br>If you do not wish to reclaim your history of posts, comments and badges, you may do so by clicking <a href='https://supportsitetest.tk/register' rel='noopener noreferrer'>create an account</a>. Your original posts will still be visible on SITE_NAME but they will not be associated with your name or email address and you will not be able to modify them.<br><b>NOTE:</b> If you create an account using the same email address that you used with your support.paratext.org account rather than reclaiming an account, you will lose access to the history from your support.paratext.org account.<hr>